---
layout: post
title: Netflix and Chill 
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week we finished the first assignment. The first assignment was not difficult except for optimizing the algorithm Collatz and making sure to have followed every single requirement.  We had several quizzes about python and some good readings about pair programming. I really like working with classmates on coding some in-class problems. I learn a lot from my classmates. We also learned about python data types and several included functions such as zip, sum, map, etc.. 

**What’s in your way?**

I still need to read the material for this week… I have been programming several math problems and improving on my algorithm formulation. I have other classes on my way, but with discipline I will be able to do a great job.

**What will I do next week?**

In this week we have the Netflix assignment, which I think is very interesting. I really enjoy the liberty we have to create our own approach to the assignment. I am working with a great partner and we have great ideas for the project. I think I have improved on the quizzes and I adapted on taking notes. 


**Tip-of-the-week**

For the tip of the week, I have been working on some CTFs (Capture the Flag). CTFs are cybersecurity challenges in several fields. For the summer I decided to solve every challenge in this website [ringzer0team](https://ringzer0team.com). By working on this challenges I hope to increase my knowledge on programming, vulnerabilities, and technologies. 
