---
layout: post
title: Before the Test!
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This week was intense! Our Netflix assignment took my partner and I more time than we expected. We had different ways to tackle the assignment, but what took us more time of all was in preparing the data and making sure Travis-CI ran a successful build. We had a simple statistical approach and machine learning approach to solve the problem. In the end, the machine learning algorithm was the fastest method to predict the ratings based on a customer's data on movies and ratings on movies by all customers. We had to clean, organize, and filter the data in order for the machine learning algorithm to make good predictions. We had issues with Travic-CI because it wouldn't install some python modules correctly. After long time trying to fix the issue, we decided to install older versions of the modules which resulted in a successful build. 

**What’s in your way?**

We have the test tomorrow! I have no idea what to expect. Until now I coded all the examples the professor showed in class, I studied all my quizzes, and decided to create some testing functions to make sure I learned all the necessary material. 

**What will I do next week?**

Next week, I am not sure what we will do. I heard the new assignment is about creating a dynamic website with a server and database. I am looking forward to this assignment. 


**Tip-of-the-week**

For the tip of the week, I recommend coding every script the professor shows in class. I have found this study technique extremely useful for deeply understanding how Python works as well as preparing for the quizzes. 
